1- what is Emmet?
ans - Emmet is the tool that helps developer to write and edit the code faster.
 b- what is Boilerplate?
ans - Boilerplate is the resuable piece of code with little to no modification

2- difference between library and framework?
ans - 
library - library is the pre-written, verified abd tested code that performs a specific task or add the specific function in code and resuable.
framework - framework is also a prewritten code but also contains the whole structure of application.

Diff.  between framework and library - 
library are less comples than framework.
both libraray and framework are resubale .
framework contains the database of codebase.
A codebase has many library but only a single framework.


3- what is CDN?
ans - CDN is Content delivery network, is the network of server that delivers content between different users based on their location.

4- Why is React known as React?
ans- it only reacts when we apply change in component's state or props.

5- what is crossorigin in script tag?
ans - script on one domain try to fetch resources from other domain.


6-difference between React and React DOM?
React - it is a JS librabry (prewriten code having some functionality), used to build UI.
ReactDOM - Renders React component into webpage. 
            ReactDOM is package which  connects ReactDOM with browser's DOM.

***- React and ReactDOM is the global object in console


7 - What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
react.development.js - it consist devlopment codebase build , which includes error message , warning 
react.production.js - is fast and performance optimized code .


 8 -What is async and defer? 
 async - the deafult system property to run code , in asynch nature code runs in asynch manner or in no paticular order, code run as soon as they loaded.

 defer - in defer property code only follow synchronous nature, means code runs sequentially.

 9- what is props in React -  props means property ,  it is similar as attributes of HTML.

 10- what is the smallest program in JS and React?
 i- smallest programe of JS-  empty files.
 ii- smallest programe of react - insert react on code



